Elad improvements (#2)
LumosO11y/ObservabilityOnboarding: learning/opentelemetry/part2.md

The outcome of this part should be a detailed markdown containing everything you have learned about OTLP and an **article explaining about the OpenTelemetry specifications in depth**.

1. Explain what is gRPC and the need for it.

> 2. Read gRPC load balancing on K8S. Why is it required specifically in gRPC ? 

Reviewer: Remove this question

> 3. If I would like to connect from an external environment to a pod in a k8s cluster what would be the entire flow ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. How can you connect an external environment to a pod in a k8s cluster using gRPC. What would be the entire flow ?
```

4. What are the disadvantages of gRPC in internal cluster communication ?
3. Explain what is Protobuf and what problem does it solve.
4. What is OTLP?
5. Why is OTLP needed?

> 6. What are the disadvantages of gRPC in internal cluster communication ?

Reviewer: Duplicate question

> 7. Give 2 alternatives to OTLP and explain them in detail con's and pro's of each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Give 2 alternatives to OTLP and explain them in detail. Provide pro's and con's of each of them.
```

> 8. What is exactly OTLP specification - explain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. What is the OTLP specification - explain.
```
